Vulnerability Rating Taxonomy (VRT)
     resources such as the VRT can help you triangulate that
     perfect intersection of effort and reward.

Rules of Engagement (ROE)
    it offers the researcher some protection from legal action by
    companies trying to discourage aggressive auditing, or who
    interpret their own RoE differently than you do.

A command-line interface (CLI)

IBBP   The Internet Bug Bounty Program

Ruby version manager  (rvm)
Node version manager  (nvm)

Relative Attack Surface Quotient (RASQ)

    The Attack Surface of an application is, put succinctly,
    wherever data can enter or exit the app. Attack-surface
    analysis describes the methods used to describe the vulnerable
    parts of an application

XML stands for eXtensible Markup Language. XML is a markup
language much like HTML. XML was designed to store and
transport data. XML was designed to be self-descriptive.


XXE is an abbreviation of XML External Entity
    As an attack, it takes advantage of a flaw in an application's XML parser configuration to perform a number of malicious actions, including exposing the contents of protected files, or causing the exponential use of memory, resulting in a DoS attack.

Simple Object Access Protocol (SOAP)
    XML, like JSON, comprises a big part of the data transfer that powers the modern internet. As a system for encoding documents in both human and machine-readable ways, XML is common in tech stacks of a certain age, and persists in older API architectures


Document Type Declaration (DTD)
    There are a couple of risk factors for XXE, which are
    allowed in by weakly or misconfigured XML parsers: if a
    parser accepts tainted data within the Document Type
    Declaration (DTD), and it processes that DTD and resolves
    external entities, the site is at risk. As an example, if
    you're using PHP, the language's documentation
    specifically states that you need to set the
    libxml_disable_entity_loader variable to true in order to
    disable the ability to load external entities (https://
    secure.php.net/manual/en/function.libxml-disable-entity-
    loader.php).



Remote Code Execution (RCE)
    There are a few different types of XXE attack which can
    attempt Remote Code Execution (RCE) or – as we covered in
    the introduction – disclose information from targeted
    files. Here's an example of the second variety, from
    OWASP's entry for XXE:

RSA (Rivest–Shamir–Adleman) is one of the first public-
    key cryptosystems and is widely used for secure data
    transmission. In such a cryptosystem, the encryption key
    is public and it is different from the decryption key
    which is kept secret (private).

Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE)
    system describes itself as a dictionary that provides
    definitions for publicly disclosed vulnerabilities and
    disclosures. Its goal is to make it easier to share
    cybersecurity-related data across groups and technologies,
    understanding that the benefit of open coordination outweighs
    the risk of publicly advertising valid attacks
